in New York City another glamorous
Fashion Week is coming to a close for
those who don't know Fashion Week is the
week it happens twice every year the
world's most talented designers showcase
their new lines of Orlando Bloom
girlfriends it's very popular tomorrow's
the last day of Fashion Week and the
city is overflowing with fashionistas
from all over the world we did this last
year once so well we decided to do it
again we sent a crew to Lincoln Center
where some of the runway shows were held
and we asked people coming in and out
about designers and trends and events
that do not exist and even though all of
the designer names you're about to hear
were made up by us that did not stop
these fashion aficionados from giving
their opinions of them in this special
ly witness news Fashion Week edition
um my name is dr. Courtney a Hammonds
and you are here for I'm here for
Fashion Week all the way from Atlanta
have you seen any runway show you know
what I went to Lewiston Telo
um the other day and his stuff was very
clean crisp you know it's the modern and
Oh to the woman god I love that got it
well let me ask you about some of the
lesser-known designers Chandler Bing
have you heard
Chandler Bing I have heard of you know
what I do follow yeah I mean it's all
about social media as well and so I
really followed the brand as well Tom I
do co-working for our Mexican newspaper
for fashion I did that reviews for
Fashion Week New York Paris and London
and Milan well let me ask you about some
of the lesser-known designers and maybe
someone like you would know about uh
what about Betsy Ross have you heard of
Betsy Ross yes I love it
Betsy Ross yeah the bright colors
primary colors yes it's it's awesome to
play the way it lays with the colors and
the textures and they under now that
with the trends that it's everything
about lines about the scores of our
channels a long track and the Stars and
the side and the stripes you don't think
it's too much the stars with the stripes
for me never is enough so what about
Bartles and Jaymes
oh great as well fantastic yeah it's
just a sparkling and effervescent oh
absolutely
elegant very stylish refreshingly yes uh
yeah absolutely
Teddy Ruxpin of you yeah you're not
patty Rexburg what about Anton Scalia
yes you see that yeah uh what do you
think of that collection I notice
collection you like the robes yes
because I want to do a kimono look with
overall shorts and yeah so yeah and on
top Scalia was all about the robes this
year so it's a big job trend coming in I
think show up for the room what about
Phil Robertson Phil Robertson you know
where it is
one of my favorites this man really
burst onto the sea a years ago the whole
Robertson family and what do you think
of that style you know what I love the
style but I think s how the name really
says it all because he's following a
legacy and someone you follow a legacy
me walking through those shoes you're
doing your part it's really a dynasty
yeah yeah did you see a Heidi Klum's
faceplant at the outdoor West of course
I saw that what did you think when you
saw that I felt a little bad for her
yeah a little bit but you know she did
it gracefully now what about this look
that people are talking about the
headless dress have you seen that well
yeah I saw it was in your Instagram
everywhere what did you think when you
saw that did you have a fabulous space
ah stay warm or like I'm malls are so
boring so common these days yeah let's
do something without face you know I
love it I really do
would you wear something like this um
how does it feel what does it feel it um
I don't really know it feels a little
bit like I'm suffocating
why would someone wear this dress for a
fashion statement just for a stage I
just ate yeah
do you think you would pay $3,000 for a
garment like this in this world today to
be honest I would say yes cause
depression was sometimes as crazy and
there's stuff you can't explain where we
the judge was practical in that I mean
fishness our fashion is what you
perceive it at hi internet Watchers
Jimmy Kimmel here subscribe to my
youtube channel for all our latest viral
videos and while you're here don't
forget to get in a very stupid fight in
the comment section okay